Your Majesty, you are mistaken
The minister's female general assistance comes from the same city
Why is the show girl here without evidence?
If I rashly supervise the law book fee at this time
I'm afraid I'll be bitten back
The courtiers are ignorant and should not run around
Hope the emperor forgives his sins
Deyuan sent people to Chuxiu Palace
Does he make any mistakes?
Be careful with your head
There are such lovesick people in the world
I have no enmity with Concubine Shu
Why would he want to kill me?
It seems that there is a military dispute within the palace walls
Or quit the draft as soon as possible
It's good to leave this place of right and wrong
Kneel by decree
Fengjiang was originally Yuanping
All the remaining unselected players will leave the attack
What!